I am warm
But it's just a stand-in for Mu Suyu
I know this beautiful wedding doesn't belong to me
But I want to be the man on the other side
Real bride
shu yu
Marry Me
The bride and groom are invited to exchange engagement rings
I will make you the happiest wife in the world
He can be afraid of feeling
Exactly like that.
The taste of cherry blossoms
I know the person he's going to is not a lady
Can you just let this happiness stay a little longer?
Even for a second
Jargon. Are you nervous?
I'm going to change clothes first
how
Why does he suddenly seem to have changed?
Why can I only be like I don't belong to you?
If this wedding
It really belongs to us.
Woman that night
Who is it?
alienation
Scar on the back